Blogging.
So when we reverts back to the previous snapshot snapshots of it.
But if we check another virtual machine that does not have any it's not what you see you are here.
But this one that's have not put you are here and we have a preview snapshot.
What's happened here.
When we go back to the original disk when we all revert back to the States we don't change the original
disk from read only to read to write what we how we form made do they have to vindicate the one that
is created with the snapshot.
We delete all the data that's dealt out via decay and we use the original data from original disk.
I mean we back to the State of the original disk or the virtual machine before the statute but we still
keep the snapshot.
Save it for another task.
That's me in this situation.
If we want to integrate.
No VM decie with original decie and make do origin of the Indic.
All right.
And Rick we need to delete our Snapshot.
Let's.
We are here but we are going to deliver this snapshot that exist in a specific time.
But of course in our situation we're not going to do it right.
No we'll do it later.
So for example we want to create more than once natural.
So we simply can.
Of course let's make some.
It's an example we're going to create a new file call it like that's going to come up and what that's
mean.
This is the snapshot number one.
Then we go and create snapshot take a snapshot.
Of course we chose the snapshot of visual memory.
OK.
It would take a little time to do it.
Then of course in that time you can create anything but any change that happened after taking the snapshot
we'll be seeing it in the new disk and not in the original one.
So in that time we can use the virtual machine without any problem.
Of course that's consume the resource of my laptop.
Give me some little time
ahead is it creates on your virtual machine snapshot.
So you see right here we have a snapshot inside us nachos and you are here.
That's when you are in this snapshot.
If we are back right there or try to create a new folder on your block in one of the two.
OK.
So you know it's not so tough on you'll find and can delta-V and decie but we try to go to the stars
like that because of this line.
Try to take it Condon's
we'll see another VM decie created.
If you remember the second one to add up to 30 to V.M. Dickie delta-V and Dickie can be created that's
me up to 32.
Snapshot can be ticket for ish virtual machine that is it's
so hard is it if we check how the Windows XP 0 4 0 0 0 number this is the VM decie number for the second
snapshot.
And where is it.
The VM Dickie's 0 0 0 what do snapshot number one.
So we have this natural number one Delta disk then the natural number thought that that is.
They do memory the data of the memory if you remember when we clone this virtual machine.
I have about two hundred sixteen gigabytes consumed.
So how does it.
Snapshot memory.
It saves the data about the memory in this fight that's consume two hundred sixteen megabytes and then
Dicky that saved the charge of only nineteen megabytes.
The second one that save are modified with some idiot didn't have 24 megabytes and the same size of
the memory.
It's about the same because all the loading fight is the same.
So if we create a snapshot we have our modern the that's callid 0 0 0 3 and so on and so on until 30
to VM decie that can't support our VM Where is fair 6.5 snapshot.
Of course between machine work perfectly then if you box to do virtual machine writer Chicot's snapshot
you will find that you are hurt when you create a snapshot.
The same will be happening.
So take a snapshot.
Then you give it one example treat like that.
OK it will save a change.
Of course we didn't.
Trees are fine right here but just to see the difference.
Not a lot that we can use it
and to get an idea about how we can revert back to a different snapshot.
So the process of creating a snapshot will save the rain forest.
If you go back to the data store you will find a new file will be created when the process completes.
So this is the information about the snapshot.
The memory of the snapshot and do car driver of the snapshot then does not show up number one.
How does the memory the configuration and do without the Indic.
So the snapshot is complete.
If we try to refresh this one you will see the new VM decie 0 0 3 added successfully in this folder
of the virtual machine.
OK let's give it a little time.
We back right here.
Try to look at this one again.
So how does it do this.
I'll reveal decie 0 0 0 to reduce snapshot memory number 3 and snapshot config 0 3 so it will keep adding
a very hard disk.
When we are there.
Do you see the name I changed to number 3 because we give it a name number 3 and does not know what
to do snapshot number 1.